Hello everyone,

We hope that you are all enjoying the 1st edition of the Jam Nation!
You are hundreds of developers taking part in this game jam and we really want to thank you for your interest in our event, it means a lot to us.

Now that we reached the final week, we want to summarise the last few steps you need to do.
You will find all the last needed information as well as a Google Form that you will have to fill with the link to your game and to your 4 creatives.
And don't worry, this is a long mail but there isn't that much to do. 🙂


INTEGRATE FACEBOOK AND GOOGLE ANALYTICS SDKs:
Before submitting your game to the store(s), you NEED to integrate these 2 SDKs, this is mandatory.
I am sending you with this mail a document that explains how to do it (You can also find it on the Discord).
If you have the old version of the document, do not pay attention to the "Fun game SDK", you do not need it.

SUBMIT YOUR GAME:
After integrating the SDKs, you just need to publish your game on the App Store and/or Google Play.
Be sure to do so before 1st February or it will be too late.
Here is the Google Form in which you can give us the link to your game store(s) : https://forms.gle/hG4rFjBp1SvHbJGS8

4 CREATIVES OF YOUR GAME:
We are also going to need 4 creatives of your game, which means 4 short gameplay videos.
No need for editing, you can just simply record your gameplay with Xrecorder, OBS, or the iPhone tool which is good enough for iOS, it should be quick.
But if you want to and have the time to, you can edit the video to add extra effects.
I am sending you with this mail the document of last week's masterclass which gives a lot of information and tips for creatives.
MP4 is the better format, AVI is okay too.
For the size, we will need 4:5 (800*1000) / 2:3 1000*1500) / 1:1 (1080*1080) / 9:16 (1080*1920). You will find more information about this in the document.
You can gather your creatives into one .RAR or .ZIP file.
Here is the Google Form in which you can give us the link to your creatives (WeTransfer for example) : https://forms.gle/hG4rFjBp1SvHbJGS8


This should be everything you need to know to officially submit your game. Nothing more.
After this, we are going to analyze your games in February and announce the winners on 1st March.

We are really looking forward to seeing the games you've been cooking up this month, it is a thrilling experience for us!
We wish everybody good luck for the final week, and we remain available to answer any question.

Thank you once again for joining the Nation!
